SEO: reword introduction paragraph into descriptions - Part 2 (#416)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/production-ready/front-commerce-and-pm2.md

---
id: front-commerce-and-pm2
title: Front-Commerce and PM2

> description: "Front-Commerce is a node.js application. You may want to run it in production with the PM2 Process Manager. This page explains how you could achieve this, and benefit from PM2 features such as: zero-downtime deployment, cluster mode, autoreload, logs aggregation…"

Reviewer: Are the quotes around the description wanted?

Author: Yes. It is due to the `:` in the description.
Without quotes it would mess the YAML parsing.

> description: "Front-Commerce is a node.js application. You may want to run it in production with the PM2 Process Manager. This page explains how you could achieve this, and benefit from PM2 features such as: zero-downtime deployment, cluster mode, autoreload, logs aggregation…"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Front-Commerce is a node.js application. You may want to run it in production with the PM2 Process Manager. This page explains how you could achieve this, and benefit from PM2 features such as; zero-downtime deployment, cluster mode, auto-reload, logs aggregation…"
```

---

<blockquote class="note">

>   [PM2](https://pm2.keymetrics.io/) is not the only way to deploy Front-Commerce in production, however we often get asked about how PM2 should be configured for Front-Commerce. This page is here to get you started but we recommend that you discuss it with your system administrator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  [PM2](https://pm2.keymetrics.io/) is not the only way to deploy Front-Commerce in production, however, we often get asked about how PM2 should be configured for Front-Commerce. This page is here to get you started but we recommend that you discuss it with your system administrator.
```
